there's still enough light I can plant
him right now your Paul said he wants to
have a talk with you about that he wants
to talk the seedlings are still at the
Foresters Jody well how come you didn't
bring him home with your paw I didn't
bring him home because the same thing
will happen all over again fly go get to
them and they'll be gone in a couple of
days the paw I'll build a higher fence
this time it won't work Jody flags
getting taller and taller every day
we're gonna build a fence that he can't
jump over they'd have to make it as high
as the house besides how are we gonna
build a fence around every one of our
fields I'm sorry it just ain't possible
ah I can do it I'll do anything in the
world for wag Jody I don't think you
quite understand the situation it ain't
Flag I'm concerned about it's the
survival of this family Jody your paws
not well if he keeps pushing himself
this way he might never walk again well
how can I help
you know how to use the gun mm-hmm
you taught me how to do that last year
power remember you want me to go out and
do some huntin in then what do you want
hmm
Jody I'm afraid it ain't possible for us
to keep your deer anymore what'd ya mean
yet you mean you want me to I'd do it
myself if I wasn't in such bad shape son
this can't be true
yes it can you want me to goin take Flag
out with you to the woods and shoot him
you can't mean it by you just can't mean
it
I'm truly sorry Jody please know your
part I talked it over Jody and we
decided it just has to be done do it how
can you stand there and ask me to kill
flag no I just won't I won't do it you
hear me I won't Jody I know I know what
I'll do
I'll take him away right now right now
just where do you plan to take him I'll
take him to the other side of the forest
we'll go farther than we've ever gone
it'll be pitch black outside so he won't
know where he is ah then I'll leave him
there and run away he'll never be able
to find his way Jody I've thought about
that too but remember how we saw racket
when we were over at the Foresters today
lamb is telling us that animals raised
by man or a problem because they keep
coming back even if you don't want him
well it's different he's stupid and
that's why it keeps on messing up the
fields after being told so many times
not to do it don't you see he'd never be
able to make it back if I leave him in
the woods at night please fall it'll
work I know well you got to give me a
chance
get a hold of yourself Cody you don't do
as we say in kill flag we're all gonna
starve to death that's why I'm gonna let
him go in the woods
that's enough Jody if you don't shoot
flag then I will mom please
Jody legs is dangerous to us now was
slewfoot once was super threatened our
lives by attacking our cattle flags
threatening our lives by eating the food
in our fields oh that's terrible
comparable with flag Jodi my
responsibility is to protect my family I
have to deal with anything that
threatens our lives your paw is right
no one else is gonna help us that's the
way life is son Oh
Jodi
Lag I don't care what they say I could
never shoot you and I'm not gonna let
anyone else shoot you either I swear it
I sure wish water when were here mist
winking you whale you're too far away to
help us what are we gonna do
I forgot about Nellie Nellie can help us
we'll ask her to take care of you so
Jodi you finally made up your mind yes
sir I'll take him on into the woods
tomorrow good I'll make sure the rifles
loaded for you do you think it would be
all right at flag sleeps in my room
tonight mom
sure
hey plant I'll come and get you after
the fall harvest is over alright boy but
promise me you won't ever forget me huh
I know but I want to go as far into the
woods as I can buy hurry home son I got
a feeling Jody's not gonna shoot flag
but he did leave already didn't he
I bet he's fixin to find someone to take
care of flag
that's nonsense who'd be crazy enough to
take care of a deer that size i've
wonder where Jodi's planning to take him
Lag you should say thanks to fighter
wing it's the least you can do you see
he was a good friend why he even grew
corn seedlings for you do you know that
boy
flags stay still now listen to me I want
you to pay your respects to fodder-wing
ah penny did you hear those shots do you
think that might have been Jodie I'm not
really sure Orie the Foresters could be
out hunting today now I want you to
behave yourself when you're over at
Nellie's flag you see she ain't got no
kids so she'll be able to take good care
of ya what oh you're not still hungry
alright just a second I'll give you some
of mine
now which piece do you want wait ah
you're greedy Pelageya